Add `env.d.ts` changes to  V3 `@astrojs/image` migration (#4724)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/images.mdx

    })
    ```

2. Update types (if required).

>   If you had special types configured for `@astrojs/image` in `src/env.d.ts`, you may need to change them back to the default Astro types if your upgrade to v3 did not complete this step for you.
> 
>   ```ts title="drc/env.d.ts" del={1} ins={2}
>   /// <reference types="@astrojs/image/client" />
>   /// <reference types="astro/client" />
>   ```
> 
>   Similarly, update `tsconfig.json` if necessary:
> 
>   ```json title="tsconfig.json" del={3} ins={4}
>   {
>     "compilerOptions": {
>       "types": ["@astrojs/image/client"]
>       "types": ["astro/client"]
>     }
>   }
>   ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
		If you had special types configured for `@astrojs/image` in `src/env.d.ts`, you may need to change them back to the default Astro types if your upgrade to v3 did not complete this step for you.

		```ts title="drc/env.d.ts" del={1} ins={2}
		 /// <reference types="@astrojs/image/client" />
		 /// <reference types="astro/client" />
		```

		Similarly, update `tsconfig.json` if necessary:

		```json title="tsconfig.json" del={3} ins={4}
		{
			"compilerOptions": {
			  "types": ["@astrojs/image/client"]
			  "types": ["astro/client"]
			}
		}
		```
``````

    })
    ```

> 2. Update types
> 
>   In some projects, `@astrojs/image` had special types set up. If you have these, you need to change them back to the default Astro types.
>   
>   You need to update the `src/env.d.ts` file if you have one.
> 
>   ```ts
>   // src/env.d.ts
>   - /// <reference types="@astrojs/image/client" />
>   + /// <reference types="astro/client" />
>   ```
> 
>   Alternatively, if you have types set in your `tsconfig.json`, update it like so.
> 
>   ```json
>   // tsconfig.json
>   {
>     "compilerOptions": {
>       - "types": ["@astrojs/image/client"]
>       + "types": ["astro/client"]
>     }
>   }
>   ```
> 
>   If you can't find `@astrojs/image/client` in either of these files, don't worry: not everyone has them. You can safely continue.

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
2. Update types (if required).

  If you had special types configured for `@astrojs/image` in `src/env.d.ts`, you may need to change them back to the default Astro types if your upgrade to v3 did not complete this step for you.

  ```ts title="drc/env.d.ts" del={1} ins={2}
  /// <reference types="@astrojs/image/client" />
  /// <reference types="astro/client" />
  ```

  Similarly, update `tsconfig.json` if necessary:

  ```json title="tsconfig.json" del={3} ins={4}
  {
    "compilerOptions": {
      "types": ["@astrojs/image/client"]
      "types": ["astro/client"]
    }
  }
  ```
``````
